[Music]
hi everyone welcome back to my channel
if you've never been here before I'm
Kimber Leia and today I'm gonna be
sharing with you my entire phone case
collection this has been a highly
requested video you guys have been
wanting to see this for a long time and
thanks to best fiends for sponsoring
this video I'm able to create it for all
of you guys so first if you want to show
you best fiends and I want to show you
how far I've gotten in the game I'm at
level 21 units getting super challenging
I've waited for like an hour this
morning in bed so I wanted to show you
all of my little fiends I just want to
say thank you to best fiends for
sponsoring this video I really really
love this game and I want all of you
guys to check it out I've been playing
it non-stop for days and I'm right now
on level 21 my little scenes are so
adorable you can tweet me pictures of
your gameplay and let me know what level
you're on download best fiends for free
using the link in the description box
best fiends is having a treasure hunt in
the next three weeks if you find all 15
Haitian items you get a free character
you can find all the clues and where to
find them just go to the best fiends
Facebook page I'll put the link right
here and I'm going to help you find your
first clue just check out the dome
download best fiends video in the
description featuring Kate Walsh can you
pay close attention to Kate's shoes
she's actually wearing slippers and not
shoes so look for that item and of the
game okay are you ready to see my entire
phone case collection here
Oh
[Music]
all the links will be below for all
these cases I know you guys want to find
them and you've been asking me where I
bought them so all that will be below
and I wish try to find you the best
prices if you don't know where the
description box is located if you're on
a mobile phone it's going to be the
little arrow on this side just push that
down and you will see the description
box and all of my links there and if you
are on a computer it's going to say show
more underneath just push that in my
description box will come down and all
the links will be right there for you
don't forget I have links for pop
sockets as well and you will see that
link and you can click that and see all
of my deals and discounts on everything
I love and love to share with you guys
[Music]
amusing
and see
[Music]
you
thank you
[Music]
but
you
[Music]
I'll be your shelter to keep you safe
from harm when the darkness comes I will
hold you guys probably remember this
case from my first pop sockets video
it's the stealth case that holds your
credit cards and I love it this one is
dirty I'm not gonna lie I've used it a
lot but closes up has a little magnet
your cards go here used to carry this
around all the time I absolutely love
this little purse in phone case it's so
cool it has the bottom part open so you
can charge your phone and put headphones
in and there's so much room inside
[Music]
um
I wanted to show you something really
cool that I got this is like this is an
exactly a phone case but it can be a
phone case and I'm gonna use it as a
phone case I put a pop socket on it
because it's just easier to hold it it's
it's a little wallet I think it's a
great thing to have when you're going
out and you don't want to bring a purse
and I have a lot of cases like that
because it's just convenient put your
cards in it and stuff this is called
stick with it and I saw this out of
beauty convention and I was like I'm
sold give it to me now take my money so
basically what it is it's really
interesting just like the pop sockets
stick really good this whole case is
sticky so this one has a protective
cover on it
I haven't peeled that off yet but this
side is sticky so what you can do is not
only can you stick your phone in here or
credit cards and things like that you
can actually stick our shadows in here
and things like that so for example just
like the Z palette is magnetic well this
isn't magnetics you don't have to worry
that you need a magnet to do it you can
take any of your makeup that is loose
like this and you can put it inside here
and they stick on just like that and
this can actually be a makeup case for
all of your little makeup geek shadows
you can do a lot of stuff with this your
new art stuff like if you have art
supplies little beads things like that
they all stick and all you need to do is
wipe this down just like you do with the
pop socket just wet it and it'll
continue to stick over and over again
and I just thought that was so cool and
then also she showed me how I can make
it into more of a phone case and that's
what I really really like so I'll show
you what to do so I have the iPhone 6
plus so it's pretty large and all you do
is stick it in so I didn't do a very
good job here you go
so now it is stuck in there do you see
totally stuck in there
okay close it up you can put your cards
on the other side I'll show you what I
mean I'll just go ahead and unpeel this
so just gonna unpeel the protective
backing and of course I'm gonna just
blur out my credit cards because I want
to get to the real gist of it here I'm
just gonna go with two so you got like
your license let's say your credit card
or debit card and you just carry this
with you and I like having a pop socket
on it because it's just easy tool but
then when you want to text or anything
you just open this up I would probably
put my phone on this side to tell you
the truth I just have to peel these
things off and it's not going anywhere
that's the thing like you know you're
not gonna lose your credit card you're
not gonna lose your phone stuck on there
really well so here you go it sort of it
reminds me of a magnet but it's not a
magnet so you have to worry that things
are not magnetic like your cards okay so
you would just open it up and you can
text so I could just be texting blah
blah blah blah blah text text text just
texting and then close up and and carry
with you or you just put this in your
purse and just bring this in if you had
a run-in and get something at a store I
just love convenience and I thought this
was super cool and I like the lady that
created it so I also want to show you
this is something else I got on the
website and it is like a sticker they
can put on the back side so that you can
actually have a design on it I don't
know what else to do so you just peel it
off like that I've never been good at
this stuff so I really hope I do this
right I have never been good at this I
just like stick the things on the little
sidekick do you guys remember that cool
I think I did a pretty good job okay so
you can put skins on it like this which
I really really liked and there's other
skins on her website and I'll leave the
link below as well I'm not sponsored by
her uh nothing I just really like this
company and I thought this was super
cool and I don't know it's just really
cool and easy to use
convenient for going out and super cute
so I want to share with you because I
love sharing things that I love and this
is something really really cool so I
really hope you guys enjoyed seeing my
phone case collection and again this
video was sponsored by best fiends I
want to thank them
so so much for giving me the opportunity
to create this amazing video for you
guys and I'm gonna go with this phone
case for the next week or so because I
don't know what if all my phone cases I
really really love this one and I
haven't worn it enough and I just think
it's so cute and it's one of my
favorites let me know which phone case
you liked the best and don't forget that
I left you all the links below in the
description box so you can find all of
them and I hope you share pictures with
me just tag me on Instagram or Twitter
and show me which phone cases you bought
I love you guys so much thank you so
much for requesting this video it means
a lot to me that you guys wanted to see
my collection I absolutely love phones
and phone cases and accessories and
pockets and you guys know that and I
love creating videos for you guys and
showing you all this amazing stuff so
thank you so much for watching I will
see you in my next one
who won't come out pillage it really
cannot get my phone out there we go okay
thank you morphe brush that's it
I think that's all the cool stuff I have
to show you
[Music]
Oh Oh
hi everyone today I'm going to be
showing you what's on my iPhone six-plus